Project Overview
Figma - https://www.figma.com/file/VNM8j8E3LuuujKP7IP18GR/F1-Contest-2?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=lNPgbK2frp8FigPW-1

Task
Your task is to replicate a website design that's been created in Figma. The Figma design is broken down into 5 main components:

Header (Navbar)
Hero Section (Main Section)
Latest Blog Section
More Blogs Section
Footer
Header (Navbar)
The header component has the logo positioned on the left and navigation links on the right. This should be constructed using the <nav> and <ul> HTML elements for correct semantics. Make sure that the header sticks to the top of the screen even on scrolling.

Hero Section (Main Section)
This section has text on the left and an image on the right. It also has a background image which can be exported directly from the Figma design. Your task is to ensure the components are properly laid out. For the background, you can either export the background in the Figma, or give a linear gradient of your own.

Latest Blogs Section
This section includes a single blog element that stretches full width. It has an image on the left and blog content on the right. Make sure you follow the Figma design closely. Make sure you use Flexbox property properly for this. And you use the correct tags for the text.

More Blogs Section
The More Blogs section displays three additional blogs arranged with flexbox. The section should also incorporate the flex-wrap property to ensure a responsive design.

Footer
The Footer is similar to the Hero section, but it contains different text and assets. Again, follow the Figma design closely. And for the button feel free to use a linear background of your choice, or use the one from the figma

Good Practices
While building your webpage, please ensure you follow these best practices:

Semantic HTML: Use correct element tags for better SEO and accessibility.
CSS Flexbox: Use what you've learned about Flexbox to manage your layouts.
Code cleanliness: Maintain clean and commented code to enhance readability.
Marking Scheme
Header (Navbar) - 20 Points
Semantic Usage and Functionality
Appropriate use of nav and ul elements
Correct placement and functionality of the logo and navigation links
The header sticks to the top of the screen upon scrolling

Hero Section (Main Section) - 20 Points
Correct placement and styling of text and image as per Figma design
Appropriately designed background as per Figma or a suitable linear gradient of your own
Proper use of HTML tags for the text and the image
Correct implementation of the background image or gradient

Latest Blogs Section - 20 Points
Correct alignment of full-width blog element as per Figma design
Suitable use of Flexbox property for alignment
Proper use of HTML tags for the tex

More Blogs Section - 20 Points
Correct usage of Flexbox for arranging the three blog elements
Proper styling and alignment as per Figma design
Correct use of HTML tags for the text

Footer - 20 Points
Correct placement of text and assets as per Figma design
Button styling either as per Figma design or a suitable linear gradient of your own
Correct use of HTML tags for the text and the assets

General Good Practices - 10 Points
Use of correct element tags for better SEO and accessibility throughout the project
Maintain clean and well-commented code to enhance readability
Effective use of Flexbox to manage your layouts throughout the project
Deployment - 10 Points
Please submit the deployed link and the repository link. Good luck!